Page breaks can be removed. Right click on the
head of the relevant column or row and choose
"Page break" from the Popup.

The default font used in the cells of the sheet
can be set in the dialog "Format - Sheet".

To import and export special characters correctly
from other computers and operating systems, you
should install the program KEYTAB in your AUTO
folder.

With the  small grey (or black) triangle in the
Tool bar you can hide the top part of the bar, in
order to leave additional space for your sheet.
This is useful if you have a small monitor.

In order to have fast access to the Tool bar
functions, you can use the function keys: F1 is
Help, F2 bold, F3 italic, F4 underline, F5 left
justified, F6 centred, F7 right justified etc.

Use cell variables to refer to commonly
referenced cells. '=amount*VAT' sounds a lot
better than '=A12*C3'. See the online help for|details.

If the lowest four items of the Help menu are
greyed out, then ST-Guide is not installed.
Please install it, then you will be able to use
the detailed online help available from Texel.

Have you used headers and footers, but they have
not been printed? You have probably forgotten to
click on the button "Minimum size" in the
"Settings" dialog, in order to set aside space
for them on the printed page.

If you want to change the font in the header and
footer, choose "Format - Sheet" from the menu.
This will also change the font on the row and
column headers.

If Texel does not use the correct fonts when
loading a document, then these fonts are missing
from the system. Texel will then use the system
font.

If your Hades computer crashes when opening a
document window, there is probably either no FPU
emulator installed or else it's a buggy version.

The Finance functions have been renamed, please
check in the online help under "What's new... in
version 2.10".

The input of decimal numbers is now also possible
using a comma, so for example '3,1415' is taken
to be the same as '3.1415'.

Texel can now also save sheets in the file format
used by older Texel versions, in order to
exchange data with users of Texel 1.6 and 2.0.

Install BubbleGEM to reveal further tips. Copy
BUBBLEGEM.APP to the MagiC START folder or
install as an accessory. BubbleGEM is supplied
with Texel.

Texel now has several new export formats: RTF
(word processor), Excel, HTML 4.0 with CSS1,
Texel 1.6 and Texel 2.0.                                                                                                                                        

Texel now has several new export formats: RTF
(word processor), Excel, HTML 4.0 with CSS1,
Texel 1.6 and Texel 2.0.                           

Texel can be controlled by the GEMScript
protocol, you can write macros to automate your
daily work and use it to run Texel. Please read
the online help for further details. A script
interpreter program eg. 'Scripter' is required.
